4.6 release notes: Kuryr NetlinkError known issue (#26580)
openshift/openshift-docs: release_notes/ocp-4-6-release-notes.adoc

{product-title}.
(link:https://bugzilla.redhat.com/show_bug.cgi?id=1888318[*BZ#1888318*])

> * It's known that deployments on {rh-openstack} configured with Kuryr may experience
> kuryr-cni pods getting into a CrashLoop due to `NetlinkError: (17, 'File exists')`
> If that happens a workaround is to reboot such a node. This is planned to be
> fixed in a future release of {product-title}.
> +
> (link:https://bugzilla.redhat.com/show_bug.cgi?id=1869606[*BZ#1869606*])

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Deployments on {rh-openstack} configured with Kuryr might experience kuryr-cni pods going into a CrashLoop, which reports a `NetlinkError: (17, 'File exists')` error. As a workaround, you must reboot the node. A fix is planned to resolve this issue in a future release of {product-title}. (link:https://bugzilla.redhat.com/show_bug.cgi?id=1869606[*BZ#1869606*])
```
